{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red192\green80\blue77;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
RID\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
When you\'92re triggered or reminded of terrible things that have happened, your mind not only believes that you\'92re in danger, your mind and your body act like you're right back in the traumatic situation.  These lightning fast, automatic reactions are helpful at the time of the actual event because they keep you safe in dangerous situations.  But now your automatic reactions to triggers are no longer helpful because back home, you're not in any actual danger.
\f1 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
You use the RID tool to stay focused and cope with your triggers.  Remember, triggers confuse your brain and your body into thinking that you\'92re back in the original situation.  You must clear away that confusion in order to manage your responses. 
\f1 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
RID has three steps: The first step, the R in RID, is to Relax or calm yourself.   The second step, the I in RID, is to identify what\'92s triggering you and how it\'92s different from your original trauma.  And the third step, the D in RID, is to decide how to respond to the trigger. Doing these three things when you\'92re triggered can be very helpful.\
}