{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Start this exercise by finding a comfortable position sitting or lying down. Take a few deep breaths\'97relax.\
\
Imagine that you\'92re looking up into the bright blue sky. Feel the sensation of the air - maybe a light wind passing by - and you can feel that air move across your skin.  Notice that there are large white puffy clouds that move from one side of the sky to the other.  Follow the large white clouds as they appear on one edge of your vision, move across the sky and then pass out of your vision on the other side.  And after one cloud make its movement across the sky then another cloud comes and does the same.  And they keep coming, one after another, moving across the sky.\
\
Begin becoming aware of the thoughts that are going through your mind.  Take whatever the first thought is that comes to your mind and see if you can take that thought and place it on one of the clouds and just let the cloud flow by.  Then do the same thing with the next thought that comes to your mind. You can also put sensations, feelings, or urges on clouds and let them flow by. You might choose to represent those thoughts or experiences as one word that you put on the cloud or it might be an image or some other way of representing whatever it is that you are experiencing.  There is no right or wrong way to do it. Simply practice noticing whatever is there for you, in turn placing each one on a cloud and letting it move past.\
\
If you get distracted or think that you can\'92t do this, put that thought on a cloud, watch it go by, and return to the process.  You might even have to do that over and over again.\
\
Notice one last thought or experience,   place it on a cloud and let the cloud trail by while you bring your awareness back here to this moment.  Notice any sensations in your body.  Notice the sensation of breathing. Take two more deep breaths and whenever you are ready you can open your eyes and return your awareness to your surroundings.}