{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please read the following script through until you feel familiar with it, then follow the instructions on your own.\
\
Start this exercise by finding a comfortable position sitting or lying down. Take a few deep breaths\'97relax.\
\
Now bring your awareness to your fingers. Rub them together and notice their texture, temperature, and the sensations as they move.  Can you feel the indentations of your fingerprints? Take your time noticing all of this.\
\
Now rest your fingers where they were before. What are they touching? What does that feel like? Is it soft? hard? What are its features and textures?  Really notice what you feel.\
\
Now bring attention to your hands and arms. What do they feel like? Relaxed? Heavy? Tense? Painful? Try to observe these sensations, including uncomfortable ones, without judgment.\
\
Notice your toes now. Wiggle them and feel whatever is around and under them. How does it feel? Can you tell what it is just by feeling?\
\
Next, notice how your head is positioned. Is it upright? drooping? Is your neck turned in a particular direction? Simply notice this without trying to change it. Also note the sensations in your head and neck, including temperature, pain, and relaxation. Take your time noticing.\
\
What about your face? Is your brow smooth or wrinkled up? How does it feel? Now notice your nose. Can you breathe freely? As you breathe, notice the sensations in your nose and lungs\'97expansion, tickling, warmth, or coolness. Then notice how your mouth is positioned? Is it pursed? Open? Closed? Is the inside of your mouth wet or dry? Just notice. Also, notice how your skin feels.  Is it dry? Itchy, tingling, hot or cool? Is there no sensation?\
\
Now notice your chest and belly. Place one hand on your chest and one on your belly. Can you feel your body breathing? What is that like? Are you breathing fast or slow? Is your breath going more into your belly or your chest? Just notice all these sensations.\
\
Next expand your attention to include your whole body. Where are you sitting or lying? Can you feel the back side of your body touching the chair or bed in places? Without moving, just observe your body\'92s position.\
\
When you are ready, look around the room and notice your surroundings, without judgment. When you are ready, stop this exercise and continue with your day.}