{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please read the following script through until you feel familiar with it, then follow the instructions on your own.\
\
Start this exercise by sitting comfortably in a chair with your feet on the floor and your body upright. Let your eyes soften and bring your attention to your breath. Notice the air coming in and out through your nostrils, and your chest and belly rising and falling as you breathe. Simply allow the natural pace of your breathing as you continue to pay attention.\
\
Now imagine you are sitting next to a small stream on warm day. In the stream, you notice a number of large leaves of varying colors and shapes drifting along, one by one, in the slowly moving current. Spend a moment observing this scene in your mind\'92s eye.\
\
Now notice what\'92s going on inside you\'97thoughts, sensations, feelings, and impulses.  Focus especially on what\'92s happening in your mind, and gently notice the thoughts that show up. They may be judgments, plans, memories, worries, etc. Try to notice them all with compassion.\
\
Bring the stream back to your awareness. As you notice your thoughts, gently place them one by one on each large leaf passing by in the stream. Observe each leaf as it comes closer, then watch as it moves away, drifting along and carrying that thought out of sight downstream. Continue placing each thought on its own large leaf, and allow it to float away.  Do this for at least 5 minutes.\
\
When you are ready to end this exercise, shift your attention to your breath for a few moments before you go on with your day.}