{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please read the following script through until you feel familiar with it, then follow the instructions on your own.\
\
Stand still and notice your feet on the ground, your balance, and where you are.  Notice the flow of your breathing. Now slowly begin to walk, noticing the sensations experienced by your feet as they touch the ground, sensing each part of your foot as it bends and moves. As you walk, bring your full awareness to the sensations of walking, letting each foot land gently and purposefully. Notice the rhythm of your steps and how your body feels as it moves.\
\
As you walk, notice each step, feeling your feet as they meet the ground.  Then bring your attention to your legs and knees, and notice the sensations there. After a bit, bring your attention to movements and feelings in your hip area. Then move your attention to your midsection, and feel all the sensations there. As you continue walking slowly, bring your attention to your shoulders, arms, and hands. Again, notice any sensation, movement, or rhythm in your stride. Then notice the feel of your neck and head as you move. Now bring your attention back to the sensations and movement of your feet as you continue to walk.\
\
As you walk, if your attention wanders to other things, just notice that. Then, gently bring your attention back to walking.\
\
Continue to walk for as long as you like, remembering to keep your pace slow and your attention focused.  When you are finished, stand for a moment and bring your attention to your breath before you continue on with your day.}