{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please read the following script through until you feel familiar with it, then follow the instructions on your own.\
\
Start by sitting comfortably in a chair with your feet on the floor and your body upright. Take a few moments to notice the physical sensations in your body, including sensation where your body touches the chair or floor. Notice the rising and falling of your breath in your chest and belly. Allow yourself to breathe naturally. As best you can, bring this gentle attitude of allowing to all of your experience in this exercise, letting go of needing things to be anything other than what they are.\
\
Now allow yourself to become aware of any doubts, frustrations, fears and worries. Just notice and acknowledge them.  Don\'92t try to work on or resolve them. As you observe your concerns, pause, and also allow yourself to be present to your values and commitments. Ask yourself, \'93What matters to me?\'94 \'93What is important to me?\'94\
\
When you\'92re ready, bring your focus to a single thought or situation that has been difficult for you. It could be a troubling thought, worry, image, or body sensation. Gently, firmly shift your attention toward that discomfort. Notice any urge to avoid it. Notice any strong feelings in your body.  Simply allow those feelings, hold them in awareness, as you stay with your discomfort and breathe with it. See if you can gently open up to it, accept and allow it to be as it is.\
\
If you notice yourself tensing up and resisting the experience, just acknowledge that. See if you can bring compassionate and focused attention to the discomfort. Can you make room for the discomfort? What does it really feel like, moment to moment, to have all of this experience?\
\
If the sensations or discomfort grow stronger, acknowledge that and stay with them. Keep breathing. See if you can make room to feel it all, with kindness towards yourself and your experience.\
\
You may also notice other thoughts, or judgmental labels like \'93dangerous\'94 or \'93getting worse.\'94 Simply thank your mind for the label and return to the present experience as it actually is\'97noticing thoughts as thoughts, sensations as sensations, feelings as feelings\'97nothing more or nothing less.\
\
When the discomfort is no longer pulling for your attention, let it go. When you are ready, bring your attention to the sounds and sights around you, and to your breathing, before you go on with your day.}