{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please read the following script through until you feel familiar with it, then follow the instructions on your own.\
\
This exercise is meant to help you have a more mindful experience of eating.\
\
Sit comfortably in a chair with your feet on the floor and your body upright.\
\
First, take a raisin or other small fruit, and eat it the way you normally do: just pop it into your mouth, chew, and swallow.  Then, get another one of that fruit. Place it in front of you and examine its texture, form, shape, and size.  Now take out another piece of fruit and place it next to the first, and notice all their differences \'97 in size, shape, and texture.\
\
Pick up one fruit and roll it between your fingers. Feel the texture on the outside of the fruit, and any stickiness or moisture. Then place it in your mouth. Roll it around inside your mouth, over and under your tongue, and between your jaws and cheeks. Don\'92t chew it for at least 30 seconds.  When you are ready, eat the fruit. Notice its taste, the feel on your teeth as you chew, and how it feels as you swallow.\
\
Next, eat the second piece of fruit, but this time, eat it really slowly. Chew the fruit as many times as you can, until it turns into mush in your mouth, and then swallow. Notice the flavor(s), how it feels in your mouth, and how it feels to swallow. How does this experience compare to the first piece of fruit?\
\
When you are finished, focus on your breathing for a moment before you go on with your day.}