{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 our score has not changed since the last time you took the assessment. This is not a big surprise. Symptoms like these may not change much without fully engaging in an active treatment with a healthcare provider. Even if you are in treatment, it can take a while for problems to decrease.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Your score still puts you in the high range, which means that you have a lot of PTSD symptoms. If you already have spoken with a healthcare provider and have a diagnosis of PTSD, then this might not be new information. If you have never spoken with a provider before, now is probably the time to start. \u8232 \u8232 Reactions like yours are normal. Many people who experience a trauma have this kind of reaction, at least for the first few weeks or months after the trauma. But once the problems have gone on for a while or they start to make it hard to function at home, school, or work, it\'92s time to ask for some help.\u8232 \u8232 Seeking help will be especially important if you think that you may have other trauma-related problems that this assessment would not identify, such as depression, substance abuse, or anxiety.\u8232 \u8232 There are scientifically proven treatments that really work for PTSD. Don\'92t suffer for any longer than you have to. For information on where to find a healthcare provider, check out the Find Support section of this app. You can also learn more about professional care in the Learn About PTSD section.\u8232 \u8232 While there is no replacement for professional face-to-face care, this app can help you learn tools for managing your stress as it comes up. If you are in treatment, this app can be a helpful add-on to care.\u8232 \u8232 If you ever feel like hurting yourself or someone else, touch the Find Support button below to get help right away. Otherwise, you can take this assessment once per month to see how your symptoms are changing \'96 and hopefully getting better \'96 over time.}